1. What is interger : 
integer is a whole a number thats writen in whole number positive or negative

2. What is string   : 
Strings are arrays of bytes representing Unicode characters. Example : 'hello' or "hello"

3. What do you expect when learning coding? : 
Understand the language that were learning, get to know more about technology. any many other things

4. What is the impact for you while you learn about coding? :
- Learn problem solving skills
- Understand more about technology

5. what is variable in python :
Variables are containers for storing data values.

Examples : 
x = "ICT"
print(x)

6. What is list item in python :
Lists are used to store multiple items in a single variable.

Example : 
ict = ["spins", "ict", "ok"]
print(ict)

7. Give 5 example of string variable

a = "Hello"
print(a)

b = "ICT"
print(qwerty)

c = "SPINS"
print(bosen)

d = "gtw"
print(YNTKS)

e = "gtwjg"
print(YNTKS)

8. Explain about advantages of using computer :
increase your productivity. Easier to use technology, many feature that need in our daily life that we can found lots in computes.

9. What is the correlation between business and technology :
As we know that technology has been used in lots of things in this world. technology has also helps alots of things that we needed in our daily life.
business need technology also for growing theres instagram that many of today business that uses this apps to promote their business. 
technology also helps business to reach out to their consumer more easier and more efective. as time goes on technology has alwas grow more and more bigger
that they lauch lots of other things that helps in business industry and helps lots of people in their life. because there is technlogy people can start their own
business from online this helps lots of people in this world to get a business running or get a job

10. Gives 5 example of integer variable : 
x = int(3.5)
print(x)

x = int("12")
print(x)

x = int("14")
print(x)

x = int("16")
print(x)

x = int("19")
print(x)
